So now we want to make it so that when we click on this floating action button, we are taking to the
search screen.
Let's do that.
So let's go to our bigger home and let's find f a b.
There we go.
So here is our floating action button there.
So what we need to do here is to say, well, yes, nav controller, because we have access to that
water navigate to make sure we get the correct one, which is the root string there and RIRs screen.
I say reader screens like this, the ENAM gonna go to search screen like that.
Now, as always, let's go to our navigate here navigation reader navigation to make sure we have that
composable that route.
We have home readers start stats, see, we don't have the one we want, so I'm going to copy this out
here.
This case is going to be search.
It's a reader.
Think just called search screen, right, are good.
And there's going to be a search screen.
What is the difference here?
This is going to be, of course, a composable so we passing here.
And we have enough controller.
Life is good.
So now this should work.
Go back to.
And that means we can actually go to search screen as intended.
See if this works when I run.
OK, so here we go.
I can go and click and voila.
And if I click this back, Arrow should go back to the main screen.
Why?
Because we've set that up in our search screen to say when that is clicked, we navigate back to return
home screen like that.
Now we could have also said something like this nav controller, pop back stack like this.
This would have worked as well.
So I go like this so I can show you that this works.
OK, let's see if that's true.
Let's go and back, Lola.
Different options of doing the same thing, but I will keep using this because we have nav controller
might as well do that.
All right.
So now let's go and put together these whole this structure here that we have of our search screen.
OK, so search screen, there it is.
Let's give it a few of these items that we don't no longer need.
All right.
So inside I'm going to add a surface like this.
And I need to pass anything so far.
Let's go ahead and get rid of that.
All right.
So I'm going to put together a column here.
So here is where we began to add all of this content.
So let's start with this search text field there.
So what I'm going to do, actually, I'm going to create at the bottom here the actual composable.
OK.
Two separate things.
Say composable search.
And it's going to be pretty much the same as we've done before with our with our logging and so forth,
so on and say fine.
Just call this search form.
OK.
And when it has a few parameters here that we need to get this to work to look like what we want.
So the first parameter is going to be, of course, the modifier and make those optional bypassing a
modifier like this.
Let's see.
Let's get the correct modifier because we might modify your we have to get Android X compose modifier.
Why is that doing that?
Let's just get rid of this because we got the wrong one first.
So let's start over what's important.
That's the one we want.
OK, let's get rid of the unnecessary, redundant qualifier there.
All right.
So and then I'm going to pass a loading again.
You remember this so that we can set it up correctly and say Boolean and let's say falls first.
And we're past a hint that's going to go inside of our text field, be a string, and it's going to
just say search, right?
And then of course, on search, we are going to then pass the search query.
It's just a string.
And then we going to say unit and for now, just kind of put nothing like search.
And then here I'm going to add a column and let's go inside here.
This is what I'm going to add.
Some, actually, let's go.
Let's go ahead and create a few variables that we're going to need for into the search query.
It's going to be a state.
I can just append a state as well.
I said, Remember, I can just choose to remember, but I'm going to use the remember save just so that
or savable should say that way.
This is saved beyond configuration changes.
Just another option.
And it's going to be mutable state of me to all state.
I always get the wrong one state of like this.
And it's going to just be an empty string section.
Let's go ahead and put that single line lambda.
OK, very good.
I'm going to create and then keyboard controller here.
So we are able to hide our keyboard when I say local soft keyboard controller.
Get the current eye.
Such and of course, this will make us.
Will make us added the experimental compose UI.
Think this is important because this can change at any time.
Val, I'm going to say valid.
This is going to check whether something is valid.
And I say, remember in this case and we're past what I need to calculate here, which is going to be
the search query state that value.
OK, so going to check to see if search query say that value, when to frame it and if it's not empty,
then this is true.
That means valid.
If it's empty, then it's going to be false, which is going to be invalid.
All right.
So we set up all of those for us so we can have everything set up.
All right, there we have it now.
We can put out here our input fields on the input field.
Remember, this input field is what we have created before as part of our library.
Little library containing all of the components we want to use.
So we were using things now.
And what are we going to pass for our input or value state?
Well, we're going to pass or search query.
State for label ID is going to be search like this enabled.
It's going to be true.
And I'm going to pass on action.
I'm going to pass keyboard actions.
Let's see, is just a lambda here.
So what I want to happen is that if valid or it's not valid and not true, then I'm just returning the
add keyboard to such action to just really do nothing at this point.
And then I'm going to pass the on search in any other cases on search.
Of course, I'm going to pass our search query state.
So we're getting the value of our text field.
Let's go ahead and trim that, of course, just get rid of all of the necessary spaces and so forth.
And then what I'm going to do, we're going to use that state again, and we're going to set the value
to nothing to an empty string.
So to clear it?
OK.
And then let's go ahead and close our keyboard.
So keyboard controller, let's go ahead and hide.
We'll have to pass this safe.
Notable there.
It's way easier now to use what we have created earlier.
So let's see.
We can call that here.
I say search.
Search form.
Get past a few things.
And one thing we just want to pass here is going to be a modifier, a modifier.
Phil Max, width and let's go ahead and give it padding, which is going to be about 16 deep like this.
OK, we need to add experimental again because that's been used.
So let's add it there.
Let's see if this is going to show something here.
Let's refresh.
OK, nice.
This is looking real good.
Let's run and see if we can see something.
So it's nice to see things on device because we have the real representation of what should be the sleek
and nice click.
Very good.
So we're able to do so.
So when you click there, you know this, it's going to hide and clears up our search.
OK, very good.
So at this point, we created this, which is really awesome.
Next, we are going to put together this structure here so that we are going to be ready to then start
pulling data from our API.